This hospital is your grave
Oh, by the way, your son's name is Chen Santai, right?
You will meet soon
It's your son who can't help but toss
What happened to the third child?
He is the crown prince of my Chen family
How dare you touch him?
I have moved
How dare you do something to him?
I can't spare you.
You did this to my wife and my parents
Is it me who can't spare you?
Who are you?
You have no right to know who I am
I'll be waiting for you in Nancheng.
Come to me anytime
I don't know if I'm taking my wife home under the tree
Have all the twelve gods and histories of the Dizun Hall arrived?
The owner of the Dizun Hall has all the twelve gods and histories
However, as the three giants of the Chen family
Industries all over the country
It's all over the place.
What are you going to do with the Chen family next?
How to deal with it
Four words uprooted
What are we going to do now?
Ask the owner to order